
# The Phantom Troupe Club

In this project I built an exclusive clubhouse where club members can write anonymous posts. Inside the clubhouse, members can see who the author of a post is, but outside they can only see the story and wonder who wrote it.



## Demo

https://phantom-troupe-club.onrender.com


## Description
- When Users sign in for the first time, they're given the 'visitor' status, which only allows them to see the messages without knowing who actually sent them nor see his avatar.
- Only club members and admins can write messages.
- To join the club you have to provide a pass code (hint: the code is walid123).
- Only admins can delete messages.
- To change to admin status you have to provide an admin password (chrollo123).
- During sign up, the user is asked to choose his avatar, which are photos of The Phantom Troupe members from Hunter x Hunter anime. The default avatar is Chrollo's.
- You can sign as visitor if you don't want to waste time filling the form.

## Technologies Used
- NodeJS
- ExpressJS
- MongoDB
- Pug
- PassportJS



## Files structure
- /bin : generated by the express-app template, it's used to launch the app (node www).
- /config : contains configuration of PassportJS authentication and ways to verify the user's login cridentials.
- /controllers: Here's where the middlewares reside, these are the functions to manage each request for each specific path. indexController is used to manage authentication mainly. clubController is used to handle requests for club status (member, admin). messagesController is used to operate on messages (create, read and delete).
- /models : are where our MongoDB database models created.
- /public: where we store public files used by the view engine such as javascript, stylesheets and images.
- /routes : where our routers reside, they call the appropriate controller depending on the path and request verb.
- /utils : contains the hashing function to hash the passwords using Bcryptjs npm package.
- /views : are where our templates reside, they're written in the PUG templating engine.
- app.js : is the file that assembles and links all of the above directories to create our express app.
